**Order of Execution**:
- `get_subtitles.py`: This script makes use of the `../data/4_parsed_xrays/{batch_name}_sub_movies_with_xrays.csv` files from the previous module. The script downloads the subtitle links in this file. It downloads the files in `.ttml2` format and also creates a `subtitles_collected.csv` metadata file. If possible, we download SDH-type subtitles in English. We name them as `{movie_dir}.ttml2`. If the SDH-type subtitle is not in English, we look for a normal English subtitle and name it as `{movie_dir}_en.ttml2`.

**Files**:
- `get_subtitles.py`:
    - Inputs:
        -  `../data/4_parsed_xrays/{batch_name}_sub_movies_with_xrays.csv`: Metadata file of parsed movie xrays which have subtitle links - generated by the module `4_parse_xrays`
    - Outputs:
        - `../data/5_subtitles/{batch_name}/{movie_dir}/{movie_dir}.ttml2`: This is the subtitle file. If this is the only file in the directory, then it is likely a SDH-type subtitle in English.
        - `../data/5_subtitles/{batch_name}/{movie_dir}/{movie_dir}_en.ttml2`: This is another subtitle file. This subtitle is downloaded if the SDH-type subtitle is not in English.
        - `../data/5_subtitles/subtitles_collected.csv`: This metadata file is generated in the end which describes the kind of subtitles downloaded. All column names are same from `../data/4_parsed_xrays/{target_dir}/movies_with_xrays.csv` described in [README.md](../4_parse_xrays/README.md) of module `4_parse_xrays`. There's one new added column called `subtitle` which has three main categories:
            - `SDH`: This means that for a movie only the SDH file was downloaded. You can also check `en_type` to ensure that the SDH was in English.
            - `EN`: This means that SDH-type subtitle was unavailable so a simple English subtitle was downloaded.
            - `SDH_EN`: Means that SDH was available in a non-English language and a simple English subtitle was also available and both were downloaded. 
            -  `<NULL>`: Links unavailable